(I just copied my google docs here since 
I'm not sure if I uploaded mines correctly)

Ammarah Zaveri
Due Date: 11/13/2022
Extra Credit: Company Stack Research

Identify 3 software or technology companies that interest you.
Perficient
Oracle
OpenSponsorship

Conduct research to figure out some or all of the elements of each company’s technology
stack. Check job openings/job descriptions, engineering blogs, and anything else that may 
have information about what the company uses to write/build its software products.

After checking some job descriptions, I found a few things about Perficient. For example 
some positions require Implementations in Cloud Fusion and being a  Java expert. 
This company also values experience. This shows me exactly what this company uses to 
write/build its software products. For example, they would want someone with experience in 
microservices with Spring Boot, either Angular or React, developing containerized applications 
deployed to cloud platforms(IAAS or PAAS), SOAP and RESTful service implementations, building 
distributed / service oriented / microservice-style and cloud based architectures, integrating 
with Open Source Platform components (Eureka, Hystrix, Ribbon, etc.)

Oracle is a company that really interests me. This company uses Oracle functions, procedures, 
triggers, packages & performance tuning. They develop, test and automate applications using
Unix Shell Scripts as well as have an understanding of requirements for Data Quality, Metadata, 
Data Lineage, Operational Data Management and Operational Data Stores. They also use  Sybase and MongoDB. 
They also use  Oracle PL/SQL, Ultraedit, SVN, WinScp, Putty and ClearQuest Defect Tracking tools.

OpenSponsorship was a bit of a strange choice but I liked this company and its work. It is an online 
platform solely focused on allowing brands to Connect and Sponsor professional athletes. Their requirements 
are coding and solutioning, maintaining and developing backend systems, Javascript and the react framework, 
SQL, Python (pandas) with an emphasis on data manipulation and visualization, data visualization tools such 
as Tableau, and databases such as MongoDB.
